feat!: Upgrade Prometheus to v3.12.0 (GA) and OpenTelemetry Collector to v0.153.0 (#6597)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.connector.spanmetrics.md

* `span.kind`
* `status.code`

The default dimensions are always added if not listed in `exclude_dimensions`. If no additional dimensions are specified, only the default ones are added.

> Alloy always excludes the `collector.instance.id` dimension. The connector adds it by default, but Alloy doesn't set a stable `collector.instance.id`, so it would otherwise be a random value that changes on every restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} adds the default dimensions unless you list them in `exclude_dimensions`.
If you don't specify additional dimensions, {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} adds only the default ones.

{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} always excludes the `collector.instance.id` dimension.
The connector adds it by default, but {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} doesn't set a stable `collector.instance.id`.
Without this exclusion, the value changes on every restart.
```

Reviewer 2: "The connector adds it by default" is not super clear to me, perhaps "in other OpenTelemetry distributions  `collector.instance.id` is a default dimension"

Author: The interesting part here is it doesn't look like it's actually set by any distribution. I'm working on a full repro for an upstream issue because it looks like it's going to have the same churning effect.
